Hello, everyone. My name is xxx. Today, I would like to share with you some interesting things in my life. When , I was 18 years old and graduated from high school. I worked as a cashier in a noodle restaurant. one day , There was a fat boy with a pigtail, and the kindergarten teacher took him to eat noodles.  Little boy wants tissue,Then he walked up to me and smiled and said to me, "Auntie, can you give me some tissues?" I am 18 years old, because young girls mind if they call her aunt. So I shook my head to the boy and said, "let I teach you that it is impolite to call an aunt in young girl,so I won't give you paper towels. You have to call another name." The little boy thought for a long time and then said to me: "Mom"

Later, when I went to college, I gradually got used to being called an aunt. I will never refute that others are not allowed to call me aunt anymore.

Some time ago, due to the coronavirus epidemic, all our students had to be vaccinated. First of all, you have to make an appointment on your mobile phone, and then queue up at the door of the library. Everyone knows that it is still difficult to make an appointment on your mobile phone, so we go to queue up and make an appointment with our mobile phone while queuing up. The teacher will inform you how many Click to open an appointment. If you are lucky, you can make an appointment. The female teacher of our college is very gentle and beautiful. She went to our team and asked everyone, is there any classmates who haven't made an appointment? I thought to myself, will the teacher inform us of the next opening time of the appointment? A boy in black-framed glasses raised his hand and said, "Teacher, I didn't make an appointment." The teacher's voice was very gentle. She said, "Don't give up, come on."

